- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMK8DjdGtZo
Hough Transform

HT is a really nice technique to segment out objects for which you know their shape, it can be a straight line or a cirle.
First we are going to detect straight lines in this image.

Let us consider this img plane xy and we have points on a straight line. This straight line can be this or this.
A stright line can be represented as this equation rho = xcos(theta) + ysin(theta), where rho is the distance from the center to the line, theta is the
angle with the line connecting center to the straight line. So every point on the straight line holds this equation.

So here the idea behind HT, so we pick a point which comes from the edge detector and there infinite no. of lines going through it. 
This straight line is one of them with a particular rho, particular theta.
So Basically , each point will go and vote for (rho & theta) for series of lines (which is not infinite, for some of amount of data).

So all the votes will get a single vote, meaning this straight line is common to both the points and it is going to get two votes and that will help us 
to get values of rho and theta for this line, not only two pts there is another pt here, so this is getting 3 votes (one for each pt) that the edge 
detector found.

So basically the line which gets a large amount of votes is the line of intrest. So every pt that the edge detector found  votes for all the possible lines
so if there are multiple votes on a single line then we are going to have multiple votes. So thats how Hough Transform works.



ANOTHER VID
The basics of HT is to find aligned points in images that creates Lines.
Let us suppose this image here and then we apply edge detection algorithm and after applying edge detection, we will apply HT inorder to detect points in
images that creates lines.

Let use see How HT works?
Let use consider this regional x-y plane with a straight line of equation y = ax +b, where a & b are parameters which define the angulation of this line.
This Line has lots of combination of x and y values and we have fixed a & b values.
Now lets invert and consider not te xy plane but the a & b plane which is also called as feature space. This pt. Q (xh, yh) defines a lot of combination
in the feature space and also the other poitn P(xk, yk).
So the pt. at which both these two lines intersect defines the parameter (a, b) & this combination of a & b is defined in blue line in the regional space x &y.
So if we have lots of points deteteced as edges in our edge img  here in the xy plane, so it will define 1 pt in the feature space. This means we have 
aligned it.



